Content: "Remnant: Expanded Horizons Storms 1" (#5626)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant missions.txt

		payment 500000
		"reputation: Remnant" ++
		dialog "When you land, a researcher quickly retrieves the data crystals with the information about the surveyed system and hands you the logistics allotment of <payment>."

outfit "_Ion Storm Timer: Generator"
	# This generator will fail when an ion storm comes and the ship runs out of energy
	"hull repair rate" 60000
	"hull energy" 1

ship "_Ion Timer Ship"
	# The Timer Weapon causes this ship to continually lose hull points
	# The _Ion Storm Timer: Generator outfit counteracts this until there is an ion storm
	# sprite "ship/shuttle" # uncomment this for debugging
	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull" 1.0
		"mass" 100
		"drag" 5
		"automaton" 1
		"energy generation" 1
		"thrust" 10
		"turn" 600
	outfits
		"Timer Weapon"
		"_Ion Storm Timer: Generator"
	gun 0 0

mission "Remnant: Expanded Horizons Storms 1"
	name "Ember Waste Storm Scanning"

> 	description "Dawn has asked you to go scan one of the Ember Waste's storms."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Dawn has asked that you scan one of the Ember Waste's storms at <waypoints> and return with the data to <planet>."
```
Will `<planet>` work? I think it will but someone might want to double check me on that.
Anyway, I just thought it couldn't hurt to give a little more information about which place is which.

Author: Yes, that should work. It is one of the text replacements listed in 
https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/wiki/CreatingMissions#replacement

	passengers 1
	source
		government "Remnant"
	waypoint
		system "Aescolanus"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Expanded Horizons Astral 2: done"
		random < 30
	on offer
		require "Research Laboratory"
		conversation

> 			`As you cross the starport you are suddenly ambushed by Dawn appearing out of a side hallway. "Captain <first>! I have been hoping to catch you. I need some help." She hurries up, waving a datapad full of charts. "I have some additional leads for my research project, and I need a pilot who can take me out to Aescolanus." She looks at you hopefully.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you cross the starport, you are suddenly ambushed by Dawn appearing out of a side hallway. "Captain <first>! I have been hoping to catch you. I need some help." She hurries up, waving a datapad full of charts. "I have some additional leads for my research project, and I need a pilot who can take me out to Aescolanus." She looks at you hopefully.`
```

			choice

> 				`	"Sure, I am always willing to help."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Sure. I am always willing to help."`
```
OR
```suggestion
				`	"Sure; I am always willing to help."`
```

				`	"Not today, sorry."`
					decline

> 			`	"Excellent! You already have a research laboratory onboard, and it has all the equipment I need. Now, before we head out, you should know that the goal of this mission is to do some analysis on the leading edge of a storm that will be breaking on the system shortly. We will not have to stay for the whole storm, but we will have to be there for at least the first part."`

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary, but you could add a branch here in case the player doesn't have a research laboratory that defers the mission and remove the requirement up top. That way, the player knows what they need to do to continue the chain (assuming there will be more after this).
Again, not necessary for this PR, so you could probably add it in later if you wanted.

Author: For the moment, nothing depends on this mission; and no major plot lines are planned to depend on it either, although it is likely to be a trigger for a branch in one or two spots.  Given that Research Laboratories are actually required for the main campaign, I think there's at least a decent chance that the player will get this before they get rid of the lab again.

Likewise, it is my hope that the Research Lab's other abilities are sufficiently useful to not be perceived as "Dead-weight," and thus the player keeps it around and can get the mission.

I might revisit this down the road after the general player base has had a chance to play it. Depending on how things turn out, whether or not this mission needs a branch is something to be decided at a later date after more people have had the chance to play it.

Alternatively, we might want to consider buffing the Research Lab. For instance, giving it a decent chunk of tactical scanning (say, at about half the value of the Salvage Scanner) would probably be a significant perk for many people), and would be thematically appropriate. Even better would be if we could give it a multiplicative value. For instance, having the Research lab apply a x2 modifier to the sum of the tactical scan value of your ship. Basically, your science officer can coax better performance out of whatever scanning you have. But they can't help if you don't already have said scanning capability.

> 			`	"Excellent! You already have a research laboratory onboard, and it has all the equipment I need. Now, before we head out, you should know that the goal of this mission is to do some analysis on the leading edge of a storm that will be breaking on the system shortly. We will not have to stay for the whole storm, but we will have to be there for at least the first part."`

Author: Contraction aside, that seems like a good change. Added to the fix PR. Thanks!

			choice
				`	"Are there any special adjustments needed?"`
				`	"The <ship> is ready to go."`
					goto readyforstorms

> 			`	"Well, I expect you are already setup to handle the normal Ember Waste heat, correct?" She continues without waiting for you to reply. "The Ember Waste storms primarily are a risk to electrical systems - typically by draining your power. So you can compensate by ensuring that you have some excess available to use. I know some captains carry extra generators to ensure they always have extra power, but others instead carry extra crystal capacitors so they can outlast the storm. In theory, you could just accept that the your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe but somewhat nervewracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Well, I expect you are already set up to handle the normal Ember Waste heat, correct?" She continues without waiting for you to reply. "The Ember Waste storms primarily are a risk to electrical systems - typically by draining your power. So you can compensate by ensuring that you have some excess available to use. I know some captains carry extra generators to ensure they always have extra power, but others instead carry extra crystal capacitors so they can outlast the storm. In theory, you could just accept that the your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe, but somewhat nerve-wracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."`
```

> 			`	"Well, I expect you are already set up to handle the normal Ember Waste heat, correct?" She continues without waiting for you to reply. "The Ember Waste storms primarily are a risk to electrical systems - typically by draining your power. So you can compensate by ensuring that you have some excess available to use. I know some captains carry extra generators to ensure they always have extra power, but others instead carry extra crystal capacitors so they can outlast the storm. In theory, you could just accept that the your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe, but somewhat nerve-wracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."`

Reviewer 2: `In theory, you could just accept that the your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe, but somewhat nerve-wracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."``
Some errors and addition of word choice(Albeit, not a lot of changes):
`In theory, you could just accept that your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and simply reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe but somewhat nerve-wracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."``

Author: Included. thanks!

> 			`	"Well, I expect you are already set up to handle the normal Ember Waste heat, correct?" She continues without waiting for you to reply. "The Ember Waste storms primarily are a risk to electrical systems - typically by draining your power. So you can compensate by ensuring that you have some excess available to use. I know some captains carry extra generators to ensure they always have extra power, but others instead carry extra crystal capacitors so they can outlast the storm. In theory, you could just accept that the your ship will be shut down during the height of the storm, and reboot everything afterwards. So long as no threats are present, it is safe, but somewhat nerve-wracking. Which strategy fits the <ship> is up to you."`

Author: Thanks! Included.

			label readyforstorms
			`	"I will settle into a bunk to do some pre-calculations. Please let me know when we arrive in Aescolanus."`
				accept
	on waypoint

> 		dialog `Dawn quickly sets to work expanding the laboratory and setting up her instruments. After a few minutes she returns to the cockpit and settles into a chair by the window. "Everything is ready, Captain. Now we just wait for the storm to arrive. I will let you know when we are ready to leave."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `Dawn quickly sets to work expanding the laboratory and setting up her instruments. After a few minutes, she returns to the cockpit and settles into a chair by the window. "Everything is ready, Captain. Now we just wait for the storm to arrive. I will let you know when we are ready to leave."`
```

	npc kill
		government "Test Dummy"
		system "Aescolanus"
		ship "_Ion Timer Ship" "Timer"
		personality unconstrained heroic nemesis

> 		dialog `As the storm starts to swell around you the instrumention chimes to indicate that it has collected all the data it needs. Dawn quickly begins the shutdown routine to protect the equipment against potential damage, and gives you the OK to return to <destination>.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `As the storm starts to swell around you, the instrumentation chimes to indicate that it has collected all the data it needs. Dawn quickly begins the shutdown routine to protect the equipment against potential damage, and gives you the OK to return to <planet>.`
```
Never heard of `instrumention` before, and a quick search didn't seem to shed any light on it. I assumed it was a mispelling of `instrumentation`, but let me know if it's scientific jargon or some other term I just don't recognize. I also just though `planet` fit better than `destination` here, but that's personal preference.

> 		dialog `As the storm starts to swell around you, the instrumentation chimes to indicate that it has collected all the data it needs. Dawn quickly begins the shutdown routine to protect the equipment against potential damage, and gives you the OK to return to <planet>.`

Reviewer 2: `Dawn quickly begins the shutdown routine to protect the equipment against potential damage, and gives you the OK to return to <planet>`
Would like to try using: `protect the equipment from further damage,` but I'm not fully aware of the actual mission, so take with salt.
Oh also: `Dawn quickly begins the shutdown routine to protect the equipment against potential damage, giving you the OK to return back to <planet>.`

Author: No damage has actually occurred, but it is kind of like running experiments on a thunderstorm: If your ship is getting hit with lightning, chances are it is only a matter of time until *something* overloads.

Author: Included. Thanks!

	on complete
		payment 250000
		conversation
			`"Thank you for your help, <first>. Sometimes I have to wait a while before we have a ship available to do missions like these." She pauses, then taps her commlink. "Speaking of which, I have confirmed the transfer of the logistics fee of <payment> to your account."`
			choice

> 				`	"I am always happy to help. What are you working on now, anyway?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I'm always happy to help. What are you working on now, anyway?"`
```
I feel like we've had a conversation about contractions before, but I don't quite remember what we settled on for the player character. I know the Remnant don't use them, but I don't see any reason why the player shouldn't, since it seems more natural. Let me know if I'm forgetting something.

Author: I believe we decided that it is inconclusive. Either:
a) Remnant sign doesn't have contractions.
b) The NPCs that <first> deals with don't use them either to keep things simpler for <first> or from formality.

In either case, if <first> isn't being exposed to contractions, then there's no way for them to learn how to do them. Thus, <first> shouldn't use contractions anywhere that they are or are likely to be using sign to communicate. Which, at this point in the Remnant campaign, is virtually anywhere that doesn't explicitly state that they are singing or vocalizing.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me!

Reviewer 2: I mean, you could always drop the "I'm" and go with "Always happy to help."

> 				`	"I am always happy to help. See you around!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I'm always happy to help. See you around!"`
```

Author: As per the previous comment regarding contractions, it is assumed that <first> is signing and thus not using contractions.

				goto explanation
			label basics
			`	She nods "Those are the basics, a good starting point."`
			label explanation
			`	A hologram of the Ember Waste appears over her commlink. "As you have no doubt picked up on, the Ember Waste does not conform to humanity's commonly understood rules about space. For instance, the standard background temperature is 2.B1 degrees, and the average density of the interstellar medium is F4240 particles per cubic meter. Here in the Ember Waste, the average background temperature is an order of magnitude greater and has an average density of E8D4A51000 particles per cubic meter."`
			`	The display changes as an overlay of haze appears, pulsing in intensity. "Most interestingly, though, is that this area is significantly more variable than the rest of the galaxy. The haze shown here represents the heat hazard schematic we produce for our captains. It combines the local density with the measured heat values to estimate how much heat ships will be exposed to in the area."`
			choice
				`	"Interesting! Is that what causes the red glow?"`
				`	"Wait a second. Why are there letters in your numbers?"`
					goto numericsystem

> 				`	"Thanks! I think that is all the details I can handle right now."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Thanks! I think that's all the details I can handle right now."`
```

Author: As per the previous comment regarding contractions, it is assumed that <first> is signing and thus not using contractions.

					goto stormend
			label stormresume

> 			`	"Not really, although it does contribute. Most of the red glow seems to be the result of clouds of hydrogen gases at aproximately 2710 degrees, rather like the process documented by early Earth astronomers investigating nebulae. Except for most of these clouds, there is no obvious source of energy to keep the hydrogen excited. Obviously there is still energy being added to the system, but..." She trails off and gestures depreciatingly. "One more mystery to keep us alert and attentive."`

Reviewer 2: `"Not really, although it does contribute.`
It reads slightly weirdly here. I'd try:
`"Not really, although it does contribute to it.`
_On a side note, are we talking degree farenheight, or celsius?
Although granted, based off American, but still._

Author: As you mention, answered in the next post. 

Included the change.

> 			`	She smiles thoughtfully, and the display changes with the red haze vanishing and a silvery haze replacing it. "But that is where today's research comes in. We have been measuring these storms since we arrived in the Ember Waste. The human eye can only pick out a few of them on the display, but our algorythms have identified a significant number of ripples of energy." She appears thoughtful.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She smiles thoughtfully, and the display changes with the red haze vanishing and a silvery haze replacing it. "But that is where today's research comes in. We have been measuring these storms since we arrived in the Ember Waste. The human eye can only pick out a few of them on the display, but our algorithms have identified a significant number of ripples of energy." She appears thoughtful.`
```

> 			`	"It is almost like watching the surface of a pond during a rainstorm: The surface appears to be chaotic, but with detailed enough instrumentation one can pick out individual ripples and trace their pathes backwards... Except we have yet to find an actual source for any of them. We can trace every ripple on a pond in a storm and find its origin, but we have yet to learn the dance that we have lived in for half a millenia."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"It is almost like watching the surface of a pond during a rainstorm: The surface appears to be chaotic, but with detailed enough instrumentation, one can pick out individual ripples and trace their paths backwards... Except we have yet to find an actual source for any of them. We can trace every ripple on a pond in a storm and find its origin, but we have yet to learn the dance that we have lived in for half a millennia."`
```
I quite like that last sentence. Nice writing!

			choice
				`	"What do the storms have to do with the heat?"`
				`	"What units do you use for temperature?"`
					goto tempunits

> 				`	"I think that is all the technical detail I can take."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"I think that's all the technical detail I can take."`
```

Author: As per the previous comment regarding contractions, it is assumed that <first> is signing and thus not using contractions.

					goto stormend

> 			`	She looks mischevious "I can not tell you where or how we got it, but look at this." Her display shifts again with the hazes vanishing, and shows the galaxy map with one key difference. "Yes, the Ember Wastes are violet. Actually, they are off the visual spectrum into the ultraviolets, but this downshifts it so we can see it. This is what the Ember Wastes looked like a very long time ago.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She looks mischievous. "I can not tell you where or how we got it, but look at this." Her display shifts again with the hazes vanishing, and shows the galaxy map with one key difference. "Yes, the Ember Wastes are violet. Actually, they are off the visual spectrum into the ultraviolets, but this downshifts it so we can see it. This is what the Ember Wastes looked like a very long time ago.`
```

> 			`	She looks mischievous. "I can not tell you where or how we got it, but look at this." Her display shifts again with the hazes vanishing, and shows the galaxy map with one key difference. "Yes, the Ember Wastes are violet. Actually, they are off the visual spectrum into the ultraviolets, but this downshifts it so we can see it. This is what the Ember Wastes looked like a very long time ago.`

Reviewer 3: Is it supposed to be some sort of convention to deliberately mis-spell 'cannot' as 'can not' in ES? I see it in a lot of places and it's really confusing. I understand default locale is en_US, but I wouldn't have thought this is a (real-world) regional variation.

Author: According to Merriam-Webster, both cannot and can not are valid words, and the definition of cannot is actually can not. According to them, both have the same definition, however the former (cannot) is much more common today than it is as separate words. It does note that if the word "not" is part of a phrase or saying, then it *must* be separate words. (example from grammarly: We can not only break even, but also turn a profit.)

https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/cannot-vs-can-not-is-there-a-difference

Grammarly, which is focused a bit more on "make your writing look good today" and not so much on "what is technically correct," puts it a bit stronger in that one shouldn't use "can not" unless it is as part of the phrase structure described by Merriam Webster.

That being said, the fact that the Remnant never use "can't" is a deliberate stylization choice. Their language doesn't use those contractions.

Reviewer 3: As a native English speaker (albeit from a British/Australian background) I understand the difference between when to use 'cannot' vs 'can not' as you mentioned. My point is that in this context it ought to be cannot to avoid that ambiguity. But after having a similar discussion with prose for The Battle for Wesnoth (where the species concerned similarly avoids contractions like can't) and your mention of Miriam-Webster, maybe it is a regional difference after all? Strangely, it is only in these two FOSS projects where I've seen American authors use 'can not' where I've normally seen it rendered as cannot, plus in my experience I've observed Americans usually combine separate words into single words so it is rather odd to see the reverse case here.

Ah well, just trying to help by pointing out errors (and the prose in ES has been mostly free of typographical errors that I've seen, at least so far).

Author: Sorry if I came across as implying you didn't know it. It's just that in the past, dealing with spelling/grammar issues go a lot smoother if we go directly to authoritative resources. 

In any case, I know that, personally, having others reading through stuff and pointing out oddities like this is helpful in getting me to go back and objectively read stuff again. I'm currently considering putting some of these, at least, up for consideration for changing.

Interesting facts: There are only six instances of `can not` in the Endless Sky datafiles (only counts stuff in vanilla, does not include un-merged PRs). In contrast, there are 109 `cannot` and 251 `can't`

Reviewer 3: No worries, admittedly I wrote the original remark in haste just before I left for the afternoon/evening. I've just spent the last month (first-time) playing v0.9.12 (and having a lot of fun with it too), and have only just started on the v0.9.14 content, self-compiled now that I understand publishing on Steam/PPA currently isn't an option. Whenever I see (what looks to me like) a typo, it bugs me, so I track down the commit/PR and point it out. It's what I'm accustomed to, especially if it's only a word here or there (as opposed to a full-text review), and it notifies people involved in the original PR (at least in my e-mail notifications I get the full comment) - but if new issues are preferred in this project I can do that.

I had a look at those same six instances (at v0.9.14): only three are spoken by Remnant members in `remnant missions.txt`, the others are in `coalition.txt` (Heliarch speaker), `human/transport missions.txt` (spoken by Alondo), and `remnant news.txt` (narrator). None of them are of the 'can not-X' form. If only for consistency with existing convention, I'd suggest changing to 'cannot' where possible.

Author: I just made a PR to change these. I'll suggest that further discussion of this should happen there.

As a side note, kudos for digging back to where the word was introduced to track the history and why (if any) they were used that way. Most people aren't so thorough.

> 			`	She takes on a serious tone. "This data suggests enough energy in the area to maintain the hydrogen at somewhere in excess of 61A8 degrees. It does not tell us the source of that energy, but based on patterns and some other data we have collected, the two appear to be intertwined. At the very least, the ion storms are one of the means by which energy is being transfered into the clouds." Her display vanishes and she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	She takes on a serious tone. "This data suggests there is enough energy in the area to maintain the hydrogen at somewhere in excess of 61A8 degrees. It does not tell us the source of that energy, but based on patterns and some other data we have collected, the two appear to be intertwined. At the very least, the ion storms are one of the means by which energy is being transferred into the clouds." Her display vanishes, and she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`
```

				goto stormend
			label numericsystem
			`	She looks confused for a moment before responding. "It is called hexadecimal. It is a base 16 numeric system." She pauses to look at you. "Based on your reaction, I assume that base 10 is still the standard in human space?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes."`
					goto  stormcontinue
				`	"How does that work?"`

> 			`	"Quite simply: We have added some extra characters so that when counting instead of a single digit position restarting at 0 every 10, they cycle every 16. So when we count we start at 1, but when we reach 9, the next number will be A. Then B, C, D, E and F. Then it is at that point that we add an extra digit and restart at 0 with 10. So in hexadecimal F would be equal to 15 in base 10. One of the advantages of using a numeric system with a higher base is that we can handle larger numbers with fewer digits. For example, with two digits we can communicate any integer up to what would be 255 in base 10. Or with three digits we can reach 4095. Saving an extra digit here or there is fairly meaningless in written formats, nor is it much of a difference in oral communication. However, when one communicates by gestures it is helpful to shorten the numbers where we can."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Quite simply: We have added some extra characters. When counting, instead of a single digit position restarting at 0 every 10, they cycle every 16. So when we count, we start at 1, but when we reach 9, the next number will be A. Then B, C, D, E and F. Then, it is at that point that we add an extra digit and restart at 0 with 10. So in hexadecimal F would be equal to 15 in base 10. One of the advantages of using a numeric system with a higher base is that we can handle larger numbers with fewer digits. For example, with two digits we can communicate any integer up to what would be 255 in base 10. Or with three digits we can reach 4095. Saving an extra digit here or there is fairly meaningless in written formats, nor is it much of a difference in oral communication. However, when one communicates by gestures, it is helpful to shorten the numbers where we can."`
```
Nice work including an explanation as to why they would switch to hexadecimal.

Author: Thank you.

			label stormcontinue
			`	"Now that you understand our numbers a bit better, you will be able to recognize that there is a lot of unexplained energy being transfered out there."`
			choice
				`	"Right. Is that what causes the red glow?"`
					goto stormresume

> 				`	"Thanks! I think that is all the details I can handle right now."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Thanks! I think that's all the details I can handle right now."`
```

Author: As per the previous comment regarding contractions, it is assumed that <first> is signing and thus not using contractions.

					goto stormend
			
			label tempunits

> 			`	She looks at you curiously. "Corrected degrees Kelvin, of course. Why?"`

Reviewer 2: I got my answer.

Author: Dawn is one of my main methods of injecting some educational value into the Remnant. :) All temperatures she gives are Kelvin, albeit "corrected Kelvin" as basically a shorthand way to say "These are Kelvin, but don't expect them to line up *exactly* with our present day values, just to cut off those seeking too much precision before they even get started."

			choice
				`	"What are 'Corrected degrees Kelvin'?"`
				`	"Just clarifying. I prefer to use degrees Centigrade."`
					goto centigrade

> 				`	"Just clarifying. I prefer to use degrees fahrenheit."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"Just clarifying. I prefer to use degrees Fahrenheit."`
```

					goto fahrenheit

> 			`	"Corrected degrees Kelvin are basically the standard Kelvin scale developped millenia ago, but with a slight correction factor to account for the adjustments determined by the conjunction of 2730. It is a rather miniscule change to the scale that is mostly only applicable to experiments or industrial applications that require micro-degree temperature precision, but can be significant at the larger scales." The display and its field of stars vanishes as she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Corrected degrees Kelvin are basically the standard Kelvin scale developed millennia ago, but with a slight correction factor to account for the adjustments determined by the conjunction of 2730. It is a rather miniscule change to the scale that is mostly only applicable to experiments or industrial applications that require micro-degree temperature precision, but can be significant at the larger scales." The display and its field of stars vanishes as she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`
```

				goto stormend
			label centigrade

> 			`	"People still use that? We learned about it in our studies, mostly in case we came across references to it in reference books. I have seen it a few times, but it is rarely used among us." The display and its field of stars vanishes as she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`

Reviewer: Is there any way to get rid of the double `reference` so close together? Would taking `reference` out of `reference books` or changing it to `research books` change its meaning too significantly? Your call.

Author: Yeah, that can be changed. I'll fix it. Thanks!

Author: Fixed. Thanks for pointing this out. That phrase has been replaced by "in case we came across references to it in our libraries." Which conveys the same meaning, but sounds better and doesn't have the duplicate wording.

				goto stormend
			label fahrenheit

> 			`	She looks at you quizically for a moment, and then her display shifts to a mass of symbols. She skims briefly. "I have never even heard of such a unit. Apparently it is a very old one, though. Our records say that it had largely stopped being used by early in the 21st century. Well, I learned something new today." The display and its field of symbols vanishes as she slings her backpack over her shoulder.`

Reviewer 2: Down with F. C is our best friend.

Author: Agreed.

	on complete
		payment 250000
		conversation
			`"Thank you for your help, <first>. Sometimes I have to wait a while before we have a ship available to do missions like these." She pauses, then taps her commlink. "Speaking of which, I have confirmed the transfer of the logistics fee of <payment> to your account."`
			choice
				`	"I am always happy to help. What are you working on now, anyway?"`
				`	"I am always happy to help. See you around!"`
					goto stormend
			`	"How familiar are you with the nature of space?"`
			choice
				`	"Not very, to be honest."`
				`	"I know space is a vacuum, and can be either extremely hot or extremely cold depending on circumstances..."`
					goto basics
			`	She nods "Honesty is good. It is hard to learn when we are not willing to admit that we do not know something."`
				goto explanation
			label basics
			`	She nods "Those are the basics, a good starting point."`
			label explanation

> 			`	A hologram of the Ember Waste appears over her commlink. "As you have no doubt picked up on, the Ember Waste do not conform to humanity's commonly understood rules about space. For instance, the standard background temperature is 2.B1 degrees, and the average density of the interstellar medium is F4240 particles per cubic meter. Here in the Ember Waste, the average background temperature is an order of magnitude greater and has an average density of E8D4A51000 particles per cubic meter."`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`	A hologram of the Ember Waste appears over her commlink. "As you have no doubt picked up on, the Ember Waste does not conform to humanity's commonly understood rules about space. For instance, the standard background temperature is 2.B1 degrees, and the average density of the interstellar medium is F4240 particles per cubic meter. Here in the Ember Waste, the average background temperature is an order of magnitude greater and has an average density of E8D4A51000 particles per cubic meter."`
```

Also I feel like these confusing numbers would be better expressed in a more comprehensible format. I get that she's brainy and explaining something technical, but we don't want the player to feel stupid here.

You might also consider moving the option to ask about the temperature system here, when it's first encountered.

			label readyforstorms
			`	"I will settle into a bunk to do some pre-calculations. Please let me know when we arrive in Aescolanus."`
				accept
	on waypoint

> 		require "Research Laboratory"

Reviewer 5: Didn't we talk about this already?

Author: We might have, but a lot of our conversations blur together after a few weeks/months. 

I'm guessing I need to take this out?

Reviewer 5: The issue with this is that the player doesn't actually need the outfit requirement to finish the waypoint objective. All this does is prevent the dialog from showing up.

Author: Yeah, I figured. 

And we don't have a `to waypoint` yet (at least according to the wiki) that I could put such a restriction in.

Anyway, it has been removed, as I'm sure you saw.
